README.md, before:

# Awesome Best Practices [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
A curated list of awesome best practices.

Please read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/jcoady9/awesome-best-practices/blob/master/contributions.md) page before making a pull request.

# Table of Contents
- [Android](#android)
- [Clojure](#clojure)
- [Go](#go)
- [Javascript](#javascript)
- [Objective-C](#objective-c)
- [PHP](#php)
- [Powershell](#powershell)
- [Prolog](#prolog)
- [Python](#python)
- [R](#r)
- [Rust](#rust)

# Android
* [Android Best Practices](https://github.com/futurice/android-best-practices)

# C++
* [C++ Core Guidelines](http://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines)

# Clojure
* [Clojure Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/clojure-style-guide)

# Go
* [Twelve Go Best Practices](https://talks.golang.org/2013/bestpractices.slide#1)

# Javascript
* [Google Javascript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javascriptguide.xml)
* [Idiomatic.js](https://github.com/rwaldron/idiomatic.js)
* [JS Patterns](http://shichuan.github.io/javascript-patterns/)
* [Learning Javascript Design Patterns](https://addyosmani.com/resources/essentialjsdesignpatterns/book/)

# Objective-C
* [Google's Objective-C Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/objcguide.xml)

# PHP
* [PHP Best Practices](https://phpbestpractices.org/)
* [PHP the Right Way](http://www.phptherightway.com/)
* [PHP Security Guide](http://phpsec.org/projects/guide/)
* [Surviving the Deep End: PHP Security](https://phpsecurity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)  

# Powershell
* [The Community Book of PowerShell Best Practices](https://www.penflip.com/powershellorg/the-community-book-of-powershell-practices)

# Prolog
* [Coding Guidelines for Prolog](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.2899v3.pdf)

# Python
* [Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/)
* [Pep8 - Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
* [Python Idioms](http://safehammad.com/downloads/python-idioms-2014-01-16.pdf)
* [The Little Book of Python Anti-Patterns](http://docs.quantifiedcode.com/python-anti-patterns/)

# R
* [Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/)

# Rust
* [Rust Guidelines](http://aturon.github.io/)


License
---
[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

Commit message:

added Ruby Style guide link

README.md, after:

# Awesome Best Practices [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
A curated list of awesome best practices and style guides to make us all better programmers.

Please read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/jcoady9/awesome-best-practices/blob/master/contributions.md) page before making a pull request.

# Table of Contents
- [Android](#android)
- [Clojure](#clojure)
- [Go](#go)
- [Javascript](#javascript)
- [Objective-C](#objective-c)
- [PHP](#php)
- [Powershell](#powershell)
- [Prolog](#prolog)
- [Python](#python)
- [R](#r)
- [Ruby](#ruby)
- [Rust](#rust)

# Android
* [Android Best Practices](https://github.com/futurice/android-best-practices)

# C++
* [C++ Core Guidelines](http://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines)

# Clojure
* [Clojure Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/clojure-style-guide)

# Go
* [Twelve Go Best Practices](https://talks.golang.org/2013/bestpractices.slide#1)

# Javascript
* [Google Javascript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javascriptguide.xml)
* [Idiomatic.js](https://github.com/rwaldron/idiomatic.js)
* [JS Patterns](http://shichuan.github.io/javascript-patterns/)
* [Learning Javascript Design Patterns](https://addyosmani.com/resources/essentialjsdesignpatterns/book/)

# Objective-C
* [Google's Objective-C Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/objcguide.xml)

# PHP
* [PHP Best Practices](https://phpbestpractices.org/)
* [PHP the Right Way](http://www.phptherightway.com/)
* [PHP Security Guide](http://phpsec.org/projects/guide/)
* [Surviving the Deep End: PHP Security](https://phpsecurity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)  

# Powershell
* [The Community Book of PowerShell Best Practices](https://www.penflip.com/powershellorg/the-community-book-of-powershell-practices)

# Prolog
* [Coding Guidelines for Prolog](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.2899v3.pdf)

# Python
* [Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/)
* [Pep8 - Style Guide for Python Code](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
* [Python Idioms](http://safehammad.com/downloads/python-idioms-2014-01-16.pdf)
* [The Little Book of Python Anti-Patterns](http://docs.quantifiedcode.com/python-anti-patterns/)

# R
* [Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/)

# Ruby
* [Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide)

# Rust
* [Rust Guidelines](http://aturon.github.io/)


License
---
[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
